README.md, before:

function-done
==========

[![build status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/taylorhakes/function-done.png)](http://travis-ci.org/taylorhakes/function-done)

Handles completion and errors for callbacks, promises, observables, child processes and streams.

Will run call the function on `nextTick`. This will cause all functions to be async.

## Usage

### Successful completion

```js
var funcDone = require('function-done');

funcDone(function(done){
  // do sync or async things
  done(null, 2);
}, function(error, result){
  // `error` will be null on successful execution of the first function.
  // `result` will be the result from the first function.
});
```

### Failed completion

```js
var funcDone = require('function-done');

funcDone(function(done){
  // do async things
  done(new Error('Some Error Occurred'));
}, function(error, result){
  // `error` will be an error from the first function.
  // `result` will be undefined on failed execution of the first function.
});
```

## API

### `funcDone(fn, callback)`

Takes a function to execute (`fn`) and a function to call on completion (`callback`).

#### `fn([done])`

Optionally takes a callback to call when async tasks are complete. If done parameter is not defined and function
doesn't return Stream, Child Process, Promise or Observable, the function is assume to be synchronous

#### Completion and Error Resolution
* `Sync` function (function takes 0 params and doesn't return any of the below types)
  - Completion: function completes
  - Error: Error thrown
* `Callback` called
  - Completion: called with null error
  - Error: called with non-null error
* `Stream` or `EventEmitter` returned
  - Completion: [end-of-stream](https://www.npmjs.org/package/end-of-stream) module
  - Error: [domains](http://nodejs.org/api/domain.html)
* `Child Process` returned
  - Completion [end-of-stream](https://www.npmjs.org/package/end-of-stream) module
  - Error: [domains](http://nodejs.org/api/domain.html)
* `Promise` returned
  - Completion: [onFulfilled](http://promisesaplus.com/#point-26) method called
  - Error: [onRejected](http://promisesaplus.com/#point-30) method called
* `Observable` returned
  - Completion: [onCompleted](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/observable.md#rxobservableprototypesubscribeobserver--onnext-onerror-oncompleted) method called
  - Error: [onError](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/observable.md#rxobservableprototypesubscribeobserver--onnext-onerror-oncompleted) method called


#### `callback(error, result)`

If an error doesn't occur in the execution of the `fn` function, the `callback` method will receive the results as its second argument. Note: Observable and some streams don't received any results.

If an error occurred in the execution of the `fn` function, The `callback` method will receive an error as its first argument.

Errors can be caused by:

* A thrown error
* An error passed to a `done` callback
* An `error` event emitted on a returned `Stream`, `EventEmitter` or `Child Process`
* A rejection of a returned `Promise`
* The `onError` handler being called on an `Observable`

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Updated readme with fork info

README.md, after:

function-done
==========

[![build status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/taylorhakes/function-done.png)](http://travis-ci.org/taylorhakes/function-done)

Handles completion and errors for callbacks, promises, observables, child processes and streams.

Will run call the function on `nextTick`. This will cause all functions to be async.

## asyncDone Fork
This is a fork of asyncDone with sync functionality added. Thanks for the hard work at [gulpjs/async-done](https://github.com/gulpjs/async-done) 

## Usage

### Successful completion

```js
var funcDone = require('function-done');

funcDone(function(done){
  // do sync or async things
  done(null, 2);
}, function(error, result){
  // `error` will be null on successful execution of the first function.
  // `result` will be the result from the first function.
});
```

### Failed completion

```js
var funcDone = require('function-done');

funcDone(function(done){
  // do async things
  done(new Error('Some Error Occurred'));
}, function(error, result){
  // `error` will be an error from the first function.
  // `result` will be undefined on failed execution of the first function.
});
```

## API

### `funcDone(fn, callback)`

Takes a function to execute (`fn`) and a function to call on completion (`callback`).

#### `fn([done])`

Optionally takes a callback to call when async tasks are complete. If done parameter is not defined and function
doesn't return Stream, Child Process, Promise or Observable, the function is assume to be synchronous

#### Completion and Error Resolution
* `Sync` function (function takes 0 params and doesn't return any of the below types)
  - Completion: function completes
  - Error: Error thrown
* `Callback` called
  - Completion: called with null error
  - Error: called with non-null error
* `Stream` or `EventEmitter` returned
  - Completion: [end-of-stream](https://www.npmjs.org/package/end-of-stream) module
  - Error: [domains](http://nodejs.org/api/domain.html)
* `Child Process` returned
  - Completion [end-of-stream](https://www.npmjs.org/package/end-of-stream) module
  - Error: [domains](http://nodejs.org/api/domain.html)
* `Promise` returned
  - Completion: [onFulfilled](http://promisesaplus.com/#point-26) method called
  - Error: [onRejected](http://promisesaplus.com/#point-30) method called
* `Observable` returned
  - Completion: [onCompleted](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/observable.md#rxobservableprototypesubscribeobserver--onnext-onerror-oncompleted) method called
  - Error: [onError](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/observable.md#rxobservableprototypesubscribeobserver--onnext-onerror-oncompleted) method called


#### `callback(error, result)`

If an error doesn't occur in the execution of the `fn` function, the `callback` method will receive the results as its second argument. Note: Observable and some streams don't received any results.

If an error occurred in the execution of the `fn` function, The `callback` method will receive an error as its first argument.

Errors can be caused by:

* A thrown error
* An error passed to a `done` callback
* An `error` event emitted on a returned `Stream`, `EventEmitter` or `Child Process`
* A rejection of a returned `Promise`
* The `onError` handler being called on an `Observable`

## License

MIT
